Update Model Optimizer User Guide (#10759)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/Extensibility_UG/Intro.md

   :hidden:

   openvino_docs_Extensibility_UG_add_openvino_ops
   openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_customize_model_optimizer_Customize_Model_Optimizer

@endsphinxdirective

> The Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit supports neural network models trained with multiple frameworks including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit supports neural network models trained with various frameworks, including
```

Author: Done.

> TensorFlow*, PyTorch*, ONNX*, PaddlePaddle*, MXNet*, Caffe, and Kaldi. The list of supported operations (layers) is different for

Reviewer: Since 2021.4 we are allowed to skip the asterisks in third-party trademarks in our documentation :) We still need to put a proper disclaimer in our template, but we can slowly keep getting rid of them ;)

Author: Done

    - Enables the use of `ov::Core::read_model` to read models with unsupported operations
    - Provides a shape inference mechanism for custom operations

>     - Provides an evaluate method which allow to support the operation on CPU or perform constant folding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Provides an evaluate method that allows you to support the operation on CPU or perform constant folding
```

Author: Done

>  * [Model Optimizer Extensibility](../MO_DG/prepare_model/customize_model_optimizer/Customize_Model_Optimizer.md):

Reviewer: in the line above, we need to remove "An" before OpenVINO.

Author: Done

>     - Enables support of new operations by Model Optimizer to generate IR

Author: Done
